IBX-150: Schedule block snapshots (#1372)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/config_repository.md

                content: '/1/18/'
                media: '/1/57/'
```

> ## Schedule block snapshots

Reviewer: Nitpick: the block is called `Content Scheduler` 😛

> ## Schedule block snapshots

Author: ```suggestion
## Content Scheduler snapshots
```

> Schedule block snapshots speed up the rendering of Schedule blocks and reduce the place used in the database.

Author: ```suggestion
Content Scheduler snapshots speed up the rendering of Content Scheduler blocks and reduce the place used in the database.
```

> Content Scheduler snapshots speed up the rendering of Content Scheduler blocks and reduce the place used in the database.

Author: ```suggestion
Content Scheduler snapshots speed up the rendering of Content Scheduler blocks and reduce the space used in the database.
```

By default, five snapshots are stored, but you can modify this number with the following configuration,

> depending on the complexity of the Schedule blocks:

Author: ```suggestion
depending on the complexity of the Content Scheduler blocks:
```

``` yaml
parameters:
    ezplatform.fieldtype.ezlandingpage.block.schedule.snapshots.amount: 10

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe: reduce the space used (...)?
